# AltMagick General Terms and Conditions of Sales

Effective Date: June 14, 2024.

## 1. Presentation

The present terms and conditions of sales apply to all commercial transactions carried out on the AltMagick website,
between Gaëtan LE HEURT-FINOT, individual entrepreneur (EI) and publisher of the website, and any individual or legal
entity wishing to subscribe to AltMagick, hereinafter referred to as "the Customer".

AltMagick is a service that makes it easy to generate alt text for images, as a monthly subscription.  
The alt text generation service is accessible via an Internet browser extension for Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox.

## 2. Object

The purpose of this contract is to define the terms and conditions under which the User may take out a paying monthly
subscription to the AltMagick website.

## 3. Prices and payment

The price of the monthly subscription is set at a maximum of €6 excluding tax.
Payment is made by credit card or other digital means via the Lemon Squeezy secure payment system.
AltMagick is not responsible for additional bank fees, interest charges, finance charges, overdraft charges, or other
fees resulting from charges billed by AltMagick.  
Currency exchange settlements are based on agreements between you and your credit card provider.
The processing of credit and debit card transactions is facilitated through the third-party payment platform, Lemon
Squeezy.  
By using Lemon Squeezy, you agree to be bound
by [Lemon Squeezy’s Terms of Service](https://www.lemonsqueezy.com/terms).  
AltMagick is not liable for any payments and monetary transactions, and you expressly understand that all such
transactions are handled by Lemon Squeezy.  
You are responsible for all transactions processed through Lemon Squeezy, and while AltMagick acts as a broker for
refunds, the actual refunds will occur through your Lemon Squeezy account.  
AltMagick is not liable for any loss or damage resulting from erroneous or invalid transactions processed with Lemon
Squeezy, including those due to network communication errors.  
It is crucial that you do not process stolen or unauthorized credit cards through Lemon Squeezy, and you must verify the
successful processing of any transaction you initiate.  
All transaction information exchanged between AltMagick and Lemon Squeezy’s systems is encrypted, ensuring the security
of sensitive information and preventing unauthorized access by third parties.

## 4. Subscription duration

The monthly subscription takes effect from the date of subscription and is renewed tacitly each month.  
Customers may cancel their subscription at any time from their account.  
However, the subscription will end at the end of the current month, and the Customer will not be entitled to any refund
for the current period.

## 5. Content and features

The monthly subscription allows the Customer to use AltMagick extensions to generate alt text for images.   
The Customer has 2000 credits per month.  
The Customer is only charged for successfully generated alt text.  
If AltMagick is unable to generate an alt text for an image, the customer will not be charged.  
If the alt text is in the Customer's browser cache (image with alt text already generated) the Customer will not be
charged.

## 6. Usage restrictions

The Customer is prohibited from using AltMagick to develop, support, or work on software that performs securities transactions, makes medical diagnoses, or contains pornography.  
The Customer is also prohibited from using AltMagick as part of a real-time or on-the-fly system to serve alt text on a per-request basis.  
Violating these restrictions may result in the cancellation of the Customer's account without a refund.

## 7. Use of Artificial Intelligence services and data

AltMagick employs various Artificial Intelligence ("AI") models and services.  
All data generated by these models and services and supplied to the Customer is intended solely for the Customer's personal use at their discretion.  
AltMagick does not utilize the output data for the purpose of training or developing other AI models, nor does AltMagick sell or share this output data with any third parties.  
Any input data provided by the Customer to AltMagick (e.g., an image file) for the purpose of generating output from an AI model is used exclusively to produce the requested output for the Customer.  
AltMagick does not use the input data for training or developing other AI models, nor does AltMagick store, sell, or share the input data provided by the Customer.

## 8. Liability and warranty

Gaëtan LE HEURT-FINOT undertakes to provide a quality service.  
However, it cannot guarantee the absence of errors or service interruptions.  
Gaëtan LE HEURT-FINOT may not be held liable for any direct or indirect damage resulting from the use or inability to
use the AltMagick website or its content.  
Gaëtan LE HEURT-FINOT does not warrant that the content of AltMagick will meet your specific requirements or that your
use of AltMagick will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free.

## 9. Protection of personal data

Gaëtan LE HEURT-FINOT undertakes to comply with current legislation on the protection of personal data.  
Users have the right to access, rectify and delete data concerning them.  
To exercise these rights, the User may contact the company at the following address: 8, rue Saint-Pierre - 60480
Bucamps - FRANCE or by phone on [+33 (0) 7 62 44 52 47](tel:+33762445247) or by email at the following
address: [gaetan@altmagick.com](mailto:gaetan@altmagick.com).

## 10. Intellectual property rights

The AltMagick website and its content (texts, images, etc.) are protected by current intellectual property laws.  
Any unauthorized reproduction or use of the site or its content is strictly prohibited and may result in legal action.

## 11. Applicable law and disputes

These general terms and conditions of sale are governed by French law.
In the event of a dispute, the parties shall endeavor to settle their differences amicably.  
Failing this, any dispute relating to the present terms and conditions of sale will be referred to the competent courts.

## 12. Acceptance of terms and conditions

By subscribing on the AltMagick website, the Customer acknowledges having read and accepted these terms and conditions
of sale without reservation.  
Gaëtan LE HEURT-FINOT reserves the right to modify these general terms and conditions of sales at any time, and such
modifications will be effective immediately upon posting on the AltMagick website.  